TUTORIALS: Reorganise tutorials and add inline solutions (#106)
seL4/sel4-tutorials: tutorials/mcs/mcs.md

<!--
  Copyright 2017, Data61, CSIRO (ABN 41 687 119 230)

  Copyright 2024, seL4 Project a Series of LF Projects, LLC.

  SPDX-License-Identifier: BSD-2-Clause
-->

# MCS Extensions
/*? declare_task_ordering(['mcs-start','mcs-periodic', 'mcs-unbind', 'mcs-bind', 'mcs-sporadic',
'mcs-server','mcs-badge','mcs-fault']) ?*/

> This tutorial presents the features in the upcoming MCS extensions for seL4, which are currently undergoing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial presents the features in the Mixed-Criticality System (MCS) extensions for seL4, which are currently undergoing
```
